[MINI-5815] Support multiple emails in contacts (#537)
rakutentech/android-miniapp: CHANGELOG.md

- **Feature:** Added `NativeEventType.MINIAPP_RECEIVE_JSON_INFO` to provide `Universal Bridge` for receiving messages from the HostApp to MiniApps.
- **Feature:** Added `sendJsonToMiniApp` in `MiniAppView` and `MiniAppViewImpl` for receiving messages from the HostApp to MiniApps.
- **Fix:** Prevent file creation with zero byte with appending a single dot(.) at the end of file's name while downloading a file using `MiniAppFileDownloader` in Android 10.

> - **Update:** Added `allEmailList` field to support multiple emails for contacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Update:** Added `allEmailList` field in `Contact` to support multiple emails of a specific contact.
```
